.\" Header and footer
.TH "MATCH\-SET_RULE" "1" "" "MATCH Tool" "MATCH Manual"

.\" Name and brief description
.SH "NAME"
match\-set_rule \- Set a new rule in a table

.\" Options, brief
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
\fImatch set_rule\fR \-f <family> \-p <pid> [\-g] [\-h] [\-i ifname]
              prio <prio> handle <handle> table <table>
              match <MATCH> [match <MATCH>...]
              action <ACTION> [ACTION_ARG...]
              [action <ACTION> [ACTION_ARG...]...]
.fi

.\" Detailed description
.SH DESCRIPTION
Send a command instructing a MATCH daemon to insert a rule into a match action table.

.\" Options, detailed
.SH OPTIONS

.br
\-f <family>
.RS 4
The netlink family used by the MATCH daemon.
.RE

.br
\-p <pid>
.RS 4
The pid of the match daemon (e.g. `pidof lt-matchd`).
.RE
 
.br
\-g
.RS 4
Display graphs in DOT format.
.RE

.br
\-i <ifname>
.RS 4
Specify interface name (e.g. eth0)
.RE

.br
\-s
.RS 4
Silence verbose printing
.RE

.br
prio <prio>
.RS 4
The priority of the new rule (1 is lowest).
.RE

.br
handle <handle>
.RS 4
The id of the new rule.
.RE

.br
table <table>
.RS 4
The table id in which to add the rule.
.RE

.br
match <MATCH>
.RS 4
One or more criteria for the rule to match.
.br
The specified matches must be supported by the table.
.sp
A match is defined as follows.
.RS 2
MATCH           : HEADER_INSTANCE.FIELD MATCH_VALUE MASK_VALUE
.br
HEADER_INSTANCE : string (e.g. ethernet)
.br
FIELD           : string (e.g. dst_mac)
.br
MATCH_VALUE     : the value to match
.br
MASK_VALUE      : the mask to use against the match value
.br
.RE
For example: match ethernet.dst_mac 00:01:02:03:04:05 ff:ff:ff:ff:ff:ff
.RE

.br
action <ACTION> [ACTION_ARG...]
.RS 4
One or more actions to apply to matching rules.
.br
The specified actions must be supported by the table.
.sp
An action is defined as follows.
.RS 2
ACTION      : ACTION_NAME [ACTION_ARG...]
ACTION_NAME : string (e.g. set_egress_port)
ACTION_ARG  : action argument
.RE
For example: action set_egress_port 5
.RE
