.\" Header and footer
.TH "MATCH" "1" "" "match action table configuration tool" "MATCH Manual"

.\" Name and brief description
.SH "NAME"
match \- A command line utility to interact with a MATCH daemon (matchd)

.\" Options, brief
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
\fImatch\fR \-f <family> \-p <pid> [\-g] [\-h] [\-i ifname]
     <command> [<args>]
.fi

.\" Detailed description
.SH DESCRIPTION
match  is a command line utility used to interact with a match action tables (MAT) daemon.
.sp
The match tool issues commands to query the state of match action tables, create and destroy match action tables, and to add and delete rules from said tables.


.\" Options, detailed
.SH OPTIONS

.br
\-f <family>
.RS 4
The netlink family used by the MAT daemon.
.RE

.br
\-p <pid>
.RS 4
The pid of the match action tables daemon (e.g. `pidof lt-matchd`).
.RE

.br
\-g
.RS 4
Display graphs in DOT format.
.RE

.br
\-i <ifname>
.RS 4
Specify interface name (e.g. eth0)
.RE

.br
\-s
.RS 4
Silence verbose printing
.RE

.\" Commands
.SH MATCH COMMANDS
The following commands are used to interact with a MAT daemon.  More information on each command can be found in the command's man page.

.sp
\fBmatch-create\fR(1)
.RS 4
Create a match action table.
.RE

.sp
\fBmatch-destroy\fR(1)
.RS 4
Destroy a match action table.
.RE

.sp
\fBmatch-del_rule\fR(1)
.RS 4
Delete an existing rule from a table.
.RE

.sp
\fBmatch-set_rule\fR(1)
.RS 4
Set a new rule in a table.
.RE

.sp
\fBmatch-get_rules\fR(1)
.RS 4
Display rules in a table.
.RE

.sp
\fBmatch-get_actions\fR(1)
.RS 4
Display actions in the pipeline.
.RE

.sp
\fBmatch-get_graph\fR(1)
.RS 4
Display table graph.
.RE

.sp
\fBmatch-get_header_graph\fR(1)
.RS 4
Display header graph.
.RE

.sp
\fBmatch-get_headers\fR(1)
.RS 4
Display headers in the pipeline.
.RE

.sp
\fBmatch-get_tables\fR(1)
.RS 4
Display match action tables.
.RE
