.\" Header and footer
.TH "MATCH\-CREATE" "1" "" "MATCH Tool" "MATCH Manual"

.\" Name and brief description
.SH "NAME"
match\-create \- Create a match action table

.\" Options, brief
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
\fImatch create\fR \-f <family> \-p <pid> [\-g] [\-h] [\-i ifname]
            source <source> name <name> [id <id>] size <size>
            match <MATCH> [match <MATCH>...]
            action <ACTION> [action <ACTION>...]
.fi

.\" Detailed description
.SH DESCRIPTION
Send a command instructing a match action table (MAT) daemon to create a match action table.
.sp
The functionality of the new table is based on the source table.  For instance, a new TCAM table must use the TCAM table as its source table.
.sp
The options are not positional, but the keyword to describe the option, e.g. "match", is required.

.\" Options, detailed
.SH OPTIONS

.br
\-f <family>
.RS 4
The netlink family used by the MAT daemon.
.RE

.br
\-p <pid>
.RS 4
The pid of the MATCH daemon (e.g. `pidof lt-matchd`).
.RE

.br
\-g
.RS 4
Display graphs in DOT format.
.RE

.br
\-i <ifname>
.RS 4
Specify interface name (e.g. eth0)
.RE

.br
\-s
.RS 4
Silence verbose printing
.RE

.br
source <source>
.RS 4
The parent table id.
.RE

.br
name <name>
.RS 4
The name of the new table.
.RE

.br
id <id>
.RS 4
The id of the new table.
.RE

.br
size <size>
.RS 4
The maximum number of rules the new table can support.
.RE

.br
match <MATCH>
.RS 4
The matches supported by the new table.
.br
The specified matches must be a subset of the source table's matches.
.br
If no matches are specified, the new table will support the same matches as the source table.
.sp
A match is defined as follows.
.RS 2
MATCH           : HEADER_INSTANCE.FIELD MASK_TYPE
.br
HEADER_INSTANCE : string (e.g. ethernet)
.br
FIELD           : string (e.g. dst_mac)
.br
MASK_TYPE       : lpm|exact
.br
.RE
For Example: match ethernet.dst_mac exact
.RE

.br
action <ACTION>
.RS 4
The actions supported by the new table.
.br
The specified actions must be a subset of the source table's actions.
.br
If no actions are specified, the new table will support the same actions as the source table.
.sp
An action is defined as follows.
.RS 2
ACTION : string (e.g. set_egress_port)
.RE
.RE
